.TH configure 1 "December 13, 2021" configure "configure - manage docker4ssh container from within"

.SH NAME
docker4ssh - docker containers and more via ssh

.SH AUTH GET
This can only be used when calling \fIauth get\fR.
.br
It returns the current username (with which you can login to the container), if a password is set and if the container is reachable for other ssh connections.

.SH AUTH SET
This can only be used when calling \fIauth set\fR.
.TP

\fB--user\fR = user
The container username. It is used if you want to (re)connect to the container.
.TP

\fB--password\fR = password
The container password. If empty, the authentication gets removed.

.SH ERROR
This can only be used when calling \fIerror\fR.
.br
The subcommand only exists for testing purposes and always return a 400 error.

.SH INFO
This can only be used when calling \fIinfo\fR.
.br
It returns info about the container. Currently only the full container id is shown.

.SH PING
This can only be used when calling \fIping\fR.
.br
It returns the ping to the docker4ssh host with a nice little message :)

.SH CONFIG GET
This can only be used when calling \fIconfig get\fR.
.br
It returns the container configuration with the details NetworkMode, Configurable, RunLevel, ExitAfter and KeepOnExit (\fIprofile.conf (5)\fR).

.SH CONFIG SET
This can only be used when calling \fIconfig set\fR.
.TP

\fB--configurable\fI = true | false
If the container should be configurable (calling the binary this manual is about).
Once called this can only be reverted when the database is edited manually.
.TP

\fB--exit-after\fR = exit after
Process name to stop the container after the process ends.
.TP

\fB--keep-on-exit\fR = true | false
If the container should or should not be deleted when it stops working.
.TP

\fB--network-mode\fR = 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
This describes the behavior of the container's network
Must be one of the following:
    1 (Off): Disable networking complete.
    2 (Isolate): Isolates the container from the host and the host's network. Therefore, no configurations can be changed from within the container.
    3 (Host): Default docker network.
    4 (Docker): Same as \fI3\fR but the container is in a docker4ssh controlled subnet. This is useful to differ normal from docker4ssh containers.
    5 (None): disables all isolation between the docker container and the host, so inside the network the container can act as the host. So it has access to the host's network directly.
.TP

\fB--run-level\fR = 1 | 2 | 3
This describes the container behavior when the user connection to a container is stopped.
Must be one of the following:
    1 (User): The container stops working if no user is connected to it anymore.
    2 (Container): The container runs when no user is connected \fIExitAfter\fR is specified.
    3 (Forever): The container runs forever.

.SH BUGS
Discovered a bug? Well then it should get fixed as fast as possible. Feel free to open a new issue (https://github.com/ByteDream/crunchyroll-go/docker4ssh) or create a pull request (https://github.com/ByteDream/docker4ssh/pulls) on github.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by ByteDream (https://github.com/ByteDream)

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2021 ByteDream

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
