.TH docker4ssh.conf 5 "December 13, 2021" docker4ssh.conf "docker4ssh configuration file"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
/etc/docker4ssh/docker4ssh.conf

.SH PROFILE
\fBDir\fR = /path/to/directory
.TP
Set the path to the directory where profiles are stored in

.SH PROFILE.DEFAULT
.TP
\fBPassword\fR = password
Default password for every connection.
This is used unless some other password was specified.
The password can be specified as plain text, regex or hash:
    Regex: Put \fIregex:\fR in front of it. The regex must must be \fBgo\fR / \fBgolang\fR compatible. Visit \fIregex101.com\fR to validate your regex.
    Hash: Put \fIsha1:\fR, \fIsha256:\fR or \fIsha512:\fR in front of it. Note that the hash must be hashed with the prefix algorithm.
.TP

\fBNetworkMode\fR = 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
Default network mode for every connection.
NetworkMode describes the behavior of the container's network
Must be one of the following:
    1 (Off): Disable networking complete.
    2 (Isolate): Isolates the container from the host and the host's network. Therefore, no configurations can be changed from within the container.
    3 (Host): Default docker network.
    4 (Docker): Same as \fI3\fR but the container is in a docker4ssh controlled subnet. This is useful to differ normal from docker4ssh containers.
    5 (None): disables all isolation between the docker container and the host, so inside the network the container can act as the host. So it has access to the host's network directly.
.TP

\fBConfigurable\fR = true | false
Default configurable setting for every connection.
Configurable describes if the container should be configurable from within it. This means that the connect user is able to change all settings which are described here.
Must be true or false.
.TP

\fBRunLevel\fR = 1 | 2 | 3
Default run level for every connection.
RunRevel describes the container behavior when the user connection to a container is stopped.
Must be one of the following:
    1 (User): The container stops working if no user is connected to it anymore.
    2 (Container): The container runs when no user is connected \fIExitAfter\fR is specified.
    3 (Forever): The container runs forever.
.br
Note that the container exits always, independent of its RunLevel, when the via \fIExitAfter\fR specified process ends.
.TP

\fBStartupInformation\fR = true | false
Default startup information setting for every connection.
StartupInformation specifies if information about the container (id, network mode, ...) should be shown when a user connects to it.
Must be true or false.
.TP

\fBExitAfter\fR = exit after
Default exit after process for every process.
ExitAfter is a process name after which end the container should stop running.
.TP

\fBKeepOnExit\fR = true | false
Default keep on exit setting for every connection.
KeepOnExit specifies if the container should be saved when it stops working.
Must be true or false.

.SH PROFILE.DYNAMIC
.TP
\fBEnable\fR = true | false
If dynamic container creation should be created.
.TP

\fBPassword\fR = password
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.Password\fR
.TP

\fBNetworkMode\fR = 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.NetworkMode\fR
.TP

\fBConfigurable\fR = true | false
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.Configurable\fR
.TP

\fBRunLevel\fR = 1 | 2 | 3
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.RunLevel\fR
.TP

\fBStartupInformation\fR = true | false
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.StartupInformation\fR
.TP

\fBExitAfter\fR = exit after
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.ExitAfter\fR
.TP

\fBKeepOnExit\fR = true | false
See \fIPROFILE.DEFAULT.KeepOnExit\fR

.SH API
.TP
\fBPort\fR = port
The api port for container clients to communicate with the server.
.TP

\fBConfigureBinary\fR = /path/to/configure/binary
Path to the configure binary which is used inside of containers to communicate with the host and configure itself.

.SH SSH
.TP
\fBPort\fR = port
Port of the ssh server to serve.
.TP

\fBKey\fR = /path/to/ssh/key
Path to the ssh private key for the ssh server.

To generate a new ssh key, use:
    >>> ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -b 4096
.TP

\fBPassword\fR = password
Password for the ssh private key.

.SH DATABASE
.TP
\fBSqlite3File\fR = /path/to/sqlite3/file
Path of the database file where all container specific configurations are stored in.

.SH NETWORK
.TP

.SH NETWORK.DEFAULT
.TP
\fBSubnet\fR = subnet.ip
Ip and mask of the subnet which is used for \fINetworkMode 4 (Docker)\fR.
.TP

.SH NETWORK.ISOLATE
.TP
\fBSubnet\fR = subnet.ip
Ip and mask of the subnet which is used for \fINetworkMode 2 (Isolate)\fR.
.TP

.SH LOGGING
.TP
\fBLevel\fR = debug | info | warn | error | fatal
Logging level.
.TP

\fBConsoleOutput\fR = bool
If normal output should be logged to the console.
.TP

\fBConsoleError\fR = bool
If error output should be logged to the console.
.TP

\fBOutputFile\fR = /path/to/output/file
Path to the output file.
.TP

\fBErrorFile\fR = /path/to/error/file
Path to the error file.an

.SH SEE ALSO
docker4ssh(1), profile.conf(5)

.SH AUTHORS
Written by ByteDream (https://github.com/ByteDream)
